Sister, you can't grasp it today.
A rare day to serve the overseer
What are you doing here?
This hairpin was given to me by my sister.
Yes, I like it very much.
You have to thank your sister in person
I see it's true that you thank the aristocratic family for coming to find trouble
But I would say so too
I'm pregnant after all
There are many inconveniences with Beichen's new house
But even so
Beichen also promised me that he wouldn't touch you
It would take any woman
Will it be heartbroken?
Haha sister
If you want me to say that my sister is still innocent
Do you really think
Can Gu Beichen bear it?
Lin Jingyun, what do you mean by that?
Gu Beichen is now enjoying the spread in my room
Deliver love?
I don't know if I'm going through the clouds with him now
The person with torn temples
Who could it be?
That's not possible.
younger sister
A man is like a bird that can never get enough to feed
They always take the last hunter
Exhibit of exfoliation
I can't wait to find the next person
They will always face temptation
public loyalty
I've spent my life trying to understand that.
Thank you for this hairpin you gave me.
He is like a sword
I don't know my sword
Do you like it?
Gu Beichen, what are you doing?
You bitch
I'll kill you!
Who asked you to save me?
I'll accompany you.
Ah!
My belly
belly
It hurts.
Ah my stomach hurts